cmake: board_check_revision() also accepts a list of valid revisions (#32620)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/porting/board_porting.rst

.. code-block:: none

   boards/<ARCH>/plank
   ├── plank_<revision>.conf     # optional
   ├── plank_<revision>.overlay  # optional
   └── revision.cmake

When the user builds for board ``plank@<revision>``:

> - The option Kconfig settings specified in the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The optional Kconfig settings specified in the file
```

  the ``<board>@<revision>`` string specified by the user when building an
  application for the board.

Currently, ``<revision>`` can be either a numeric ``MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`` style
revision like ``1.5.0``, or single letter like ``A``, ``B``, etc. Zephyr
provides a CMake board extension function, ``board_check_revision()``, to make
it easy to match either style from :file:`revision.cmake`.

> Valid board revisions may be specified as argument to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Valid board revisions may be specified as arguments to the
```

``board_check_revision()`` function, like:

.. code-block:: cmake

   board_check_revision(FORMAT MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH
                        VALID_REVISIONS 0.1.0 0.3.0 ...
   )

.. note::

>    ``VALID_REVISIONS`` can be omitted if all valid revisions are having specific

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``VALID_REVISIONS`` can be omitted if all valid revisions have specific
```

   Kconfig fragments, such as ``<board>_0_1_0.conf``, ``<board>_0_3_0.conf``.
   This allows you to just place Kconfig revision fragments in the board

>    folder and not having to keep the corresponding ``VALID_REVISIONS`` in sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   folder and not have to keep the corresponding ``VALID_REVISIONS`` in sync.
```

The following sections describe how to support these styles of revision
numbers.

Numeric revisions
=================

Let's say you want to add support for revisions ``0.5.0``, ``1.0.0``, and

> ``1.5.0`` of the ``plank`` board with both Kconfig fragments and device tree

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``1.5.0`` of the ``plank`` board with both Kconfig fragments and devicetree
```
